Enforce global type declaration for `defaultOptions` that influence results (#13132)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/brave-coins-scream.md

---
"@apollo/client": minor
---

Introduce "classic" and "modern" method and hook signatures.

Apollo Client 4.2 introduces two signature styles for methods and hooks. All signatures previously present are now "classic" signatures, and a new set of "modern" signatures are added alongside them.

> **Classic signatures** are the default and are identical to the signatures before Apollo Client 4.2, preserving backward compatibility. Classic signatures still work with manually specified TypeScript generics (e.g., `useSuspenseQuery<MyData>(...)`). However, manually specifying generics has been discouraged for a long time—instead, we recommend using `TypedDocumentNode` to automatically infer types, which provides more accurate results without any manual annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Classic signatures** are the default and are identical to the signatures before Apollo Client 4.2, preserving backward compatibility. Classic signatures still work with manually specified TypeScript generic arguments (e.g., `useSuspenseQuery<MyData>(...)`). However, manually specifying generic arguments has been discouraged for a long time—instead, we recommend using `TypedDocumentNode` to automatically infer types, which provides more accurate results without any manual annotations.
```

I heard this one time from Matt Pocock that its "generic arguments", not "generics" and now I can't unhear that 😭
